docs: update top level README and remove unused legacy files (#4717)
Opentrons/opentrons: README.md

We've designed it in a way we hope is accessible to anyone with basic computer and wetlab skills. As a bench scientist, you should be able to code your automated protocols in a way that reads like a lab notebook.

```python
pipette.aspirate(location=trough['A1'], volume=30)
pipette.dispense(location=well_plate['A1'], volume=30)
```

> This example tells the Opentrons OT2 to pipette 30µL of liquid from a trough to well plate. Learn more here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example tells the Opentrons OT-2 to pipette 30 µL of liquid from a trough to well plate. Learn more here:
```

Easily upload a protocol, calibrate positions, and run your experiment from your computer.

- [Download Here](https://opentrons.com/ot-app)
- [Documentation](https://support.opentrons.com/)
- [Source code](./app)

![ot-app](https://s3.amazonaws.com/opentrons-images/standalone/ot-2-app.png)

## Opentrons Protocol Designer

Easily create a protocol to run on your robot with this grapical tool.

- [Access Here](https://designer.opentrons.com/)

> - [Documentation](https://intercom.help/opentrons-protocol-designer/en/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Documentation](https://intercom.help/opentrons-protocol-designer/)
```

I know we don't currently have i18n for our support docs, but Intercom will redirect based on the user's locale, so I've been trying to keep the explicit `/en` off of Intercom links
